hey guys brat boy 90 you might have
noticed I have some stylish glasses on
and they fold also a good feature to
have this is the Sony Playstation 3
monitor it came with these glasses you
can order you can get other ones there's
30 or 40 bucks actually very affordable
for a 3d glasses on the inside right
here on the right hand side there's a
on/off button for the battery and the
nose piece is made of rubber so it's
comfy the least parts if you got a big
head or a really small head not gonna
work well hope for your average but on
the top you've got to there's this
there's a light my name flashes red to
let you know that it's red and there's a
power button and then there is a it
looks like a play button right there
it's actually the charging Bay which is
a normal like most phones mini USB
charge the mini mini mini USB and the
power button otherwise if it goes into
sleep mode I'm pretty sure I saw that
once you can turn it back on or if
you're on a simultaeously game play a
few of those you just press it once and
it twisted you to the other player if
you're on the wrong player and such it's
pretty cool the monitor good stats on it
it is 1080p it does run 240 Hertz and it
is 3d and for $179 you get the monitor
let's flash you on over here I'll show
you the monitor hopefully that's good I
don't know so you get the monitor this
beautiful thing and it is 24 inches from
top left to top right which is a pretty
big monitor and it's got a pretty good
color spectrum it's a little bit on the
which type side but there is a good
Settings menu in this actually I was I
was pretty amazed by settings there is
speakers you can turn it up you can turn
it down does not come with a control
with a mod yeah doesn't come with a
clicker this isn't it this is remote but
you can buy one you buy the regular ps3
one actually I think it is and it works
on it and on your ps3 interesting that
they would do that but otherwise let's
see bring up a Chrome screen for you
it's a very big screen it's very bright
it's got a pretty good viewing angle on
it from what I can tell and the 3d is
spot-on
watched Avengers for Avengers what was
it called but there are there are
settings in here to do the menu you can
do brightness you can change the
contrast colors hue sharpness
temperature control the backlight level
you're gonna want to keep backlight a
little low because if you notice let's
see oh it's got a weird you're gonna
figure out how to do this if you get
really high it's really bright yes and
nice but you'll notice the edges get
really white on it and bleed through
becomes kind of an issue on it so I
usually try to keep it a little low
other than the when your watch when
you're watching a 3d type thing it's
kind of nice to have it kind of high
because 3d glasses reduce light to yeah
because they're flickering so it appears
to us like they're really low there's
the HDMI control for the ps3 so it can
control stuff on it and it'll tell you
the signal information there's a quick
start to it which you should just turn
on otherwise it just moves really slow I
think was the design for that change the
language
it's really hard to figure out these
controls the 3d you'll actually there's
a button for 3d on the monitor or you
can go into here but I'll show you hold
on I'll hit menu menu okay no okay so
you can press it's the farthest bottom
button it good you press a it goes 3d
there's an auto mode there's a
side-by-side mode so if the 3d movie is
in is a side by side there's different
types of format to 3d I learned this and
then there's a top and bottom form of 3d
but you'll want it on auto if you're
just doing normal stuff and you'll want
to change it manually if you download a
video and it's a side by side version it
won't always switch to it on its own I'm
wishy-washy about that I kind of get it
cuz if you're on your computer using my
computer and using a 3d video in it you
have to do it manually cuz your computer
doesn't send the correct output like a
ps3 would um good monitor I 5 out of 5 I
have no problems with this monitor at
all I'm using it as a compete as a
gaming monitor it has some horrible
reviews because supposedly power
supplies go out pixels go out I've been
using it for 2 weeks now I want to say
not a single pixels out I use it for
gaming is for my PC so it sees some
usage if you're worried about it the
best buy/offers a two and four year plan
on it and you can get the best by credit
card which gives you time to fake
payments on it it's a great monitor I
have nothing bad to say about it its 3d
its 117 dollars that's cheaper that's
107 dollars you cannot find the 24 inch
monitor that is as good as this I don't
think you can even find a 23 inch
monitor at all that is $179 I don't
think it's possible without it being
completely off-brand crap and this is so
nice so I don't think it soft brown crap
the back I can't spin to it there is two
HDMI inputs and there is one component
input
and a audio jack out I have used the
audio jack out because I ran it to a
surround sound so it's actually kind of
nice if you have the correct splitter to
be able to do that otherwise you could
use your PC if you have optical or
whatever but it's nice that they at
least included that feature yeah 5 out
of 5 go by I won Best Buy $179.99 right
now and again monitor glasses apocalypse
oh I didn't even mention this apocalypse
3 the game
I read PUC motorstorm apocalypse motor
sharm apocalypse came with the game it
does sign with you and it does 3d so you
can learn with 3d is and when what simon
view does I'm not gonna lie it seems
like it ghosts a little like when you're
using time with you on some games not
all of them but it seems like you can
see the other player kind of if there
are settings in game and I'm sure
there's probably something on the
monitor to change I guess in that issue
that kind of arises or maybe the game
just needs some updating but definitely
a good purchase cheapest treaty on the
market comes with glasses other glasses
only cost forty bucks
what a deal have a good night guys